+ What is the difference between an API and a server?
An API is utilized in web applications so that whatever library is being used,
it’s specifications can be implemented on that web app.
When a client makes a request to utilize the API via the web app,
a request is first made to the web app’s server,
then that server makes a request to that API’s own server.
Different from a server, when a client uses a web app,
there requests are sent to a server, and the server responds back.

+ What does a DNS server do when you type "www.google.com" into an address bar?
The url is sent to the internet service provider where they redirect
the client to google.com’s server. This server then sends the page back to the ISP,
then the ISP sends the page back to the client.
BUT before google.com appears on the browsers,
each piece of the website is sent individual.
First the bare bones html file is collected, this is just text and basic formatting.
Then any other supporting files are collected, like scripts, css, hyperlinks, or images.

+ What are some differences between a single page application and a multipage  application? List one example of each.
An SPA is able to refresh specific elements of a page without effecting others.
Gmail, does not reload the sidebar every time you refresh the page,
however if you do have new mail, the sidebar will have an unread messages alert.
The messages section where you can read your mail does refresh every time you reload the page though.
A MPA must refresh its entire page if any new content is to be shown.
CNN.com updates often, however if you did not access a hyper link or refresh the page, it would remain as it was when you first loaded the page.

+ Why do we use RESTful routes?
Used to create alternative paths and routes in URLs,
and helps avoid long strings in the url address.
Besides efficiency, they can also perform commands.
DELETE will remove elements from a page, POST will create,
PUT will edit/update and GET will retrieve.

+ What is an API key and why are they used?
An API key is a string of code that must be implemented within
your server or AJAX to access and implement an API library.
When you use an API, lets say instagram, you are accessing
their information from their servers. To be able to do this,
you need a passcode that lets you enter.
This enables instagram to track what you do with their API
and make sure it is not used to implement world domination.
